This Jiang Tiansu has a flaw in personality
He doesn't know how to win people's hearts very well
Luo Hai and Huang Wei have long wanted to touch him
He was led to the Hexi pier
Then join forces to besiege him
最后姜天素双拳难敌死守
But this is what happened to him.
As expected
They hurt Xiaoxue like this
Don't worry about driving this.
I can definitely do it
Here's another thing.
How is this Dongxing consortium doing now?
Dongxing consortium
It is very important in the city of Jiangzhou
It's just that there is no leader after this inner red
Now it's falling apart.
Master, don't you want to
Exactly.
I want to integrate Dongxing Talent Group
Secretary Yang
Is it difficult to do?
Leave this young master to me to handle this matter
This is the vice president, Young Master Feng Haicai
The company has been busy recently.
The first meeting to integrate Dongxing Group
You can leave it to me.
Secretary Yang
This Vice Chairperson Feng has always been like this
他的性格呢确实很古怪
And he doesn't like to be called vice president.
Roll roll roll
You both roll roll roll roll roll hurry hurry
go out
Who?
Dad, why are you hitting me?
You're such a rebel
Good job you did
Dad, what are you trying to say?